fix expressions and schedules for MFA100 policy (#1130)
utelecon/utelecon.github.io: src/components/en/systems/utokyo_account/MFA.mdx

import If from "@components/utils/If.astro";

{/**
  * @typedef {object} Props
  * @property {boolean} [noLink] 初期設定手順へのリンクを表示しない
  */}

The University of Tokyo has introduced multi-factor authentication to UTokyo Account to improve information system security.

Multi-factor authentication (MFA) is a security process in which users prove their identity using at least two pieces of evidence. In addition to passwords, users are asked to verify their identity via SMS, authentication applications, or other methods when signing into their accounts. Multifactor authentication improves security by reducing the possibility of someone being able to sign in to your account even if your password is known to someone else for some reason.

> To improve the overall security of the university, UTokyo requires that you enable multi-factor authentication for your UTokyo Account. Some systems are set to be unavailable until multi-factor authentication is enabled. 

Reviewer: 日本語の
> UTokyo Accountでは，利用者が各自で初期設定を行うことにより，多要素認証の利用が有効化される仕組みとなっており，UTokyo Accountを持つ**すべての皆さん**に有効化をお願いしています．

> UTokyo Accountのセキュリティを確保することは，利用者個人の情報だけなく，大学が保有する情報資産を守るために非常に重要ですので，多要素認証を利用していただくようご協力をお願いいたします．

あたりの部分が英語だと抜けてしまっていそうです。

Author: https://github.com/utelecon/utelecon.github.io/pull/1130/commits/aa60971c68a07715e63f24d2caddeecab4cc3e46

The University of Tokyo has introduced multi-factor authentication to UTokyo Account to improve information system security.

Multi-factor authentication (MFA) is a security process in which users prove their identity using at least two pieces of evidence. In addition to passwords, users are asked to verify their identity via SMS, authentication applications, or other methods when signing into their accounts. MFA improves security by reducing the possibility of someone being able to sign in to your account even if your password is known to someone else for some reason.

> On the UTokyo Account, MFA is enabled by users setting up their own initial setup, and we are asking **all users** with a UTokyo Account to enable it. Therefore, some information systems are disabled until you have enabled MFA. It is very important to ensure the security of your UTokyo Account, not only to protect your personal information but also to protect the information assets held by the university, so we ask you to use multi-factor authentication.

Reviewer: - カジュアルな文に見える気がしたので
```suggestion
On the UTokyo Account, MFA is enabled by users setting up their own initial setup, and we are asking **all users** with a UTokyo Account to enable it. Therefore, some information systems are disabled until you have enabled MFA. It is crucial to ensure the security of your UTokyo Account, not only to protect your personal information but also to protect the information assets held by the university, so we ask you to use multi-factor authentication.
```

Author: 渋いですね～　私の語彙力では無理なワードチョイスでした。大変ありがとうございます。
